Interpol chief missing in China
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/06/europe/meng-hongwei-interpol-president-china-missing/index.html
In pictures: Melania Trump in Africa
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/05/photos/gallery/melania-africa-trip/index.html
He was bolstered by a GOP intent on tilting the court, but he couldn't draw on a long relationship with Trump
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/06/politics/how-kavanaugh-maneuvered-to-win-his-confirmation-fight/index.html
Trump set to shuffle his generals
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/07/politics/trump-generals-choices/index.html
Trump: 100% certain Ford named wrong person
https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/10/07/trump-kavanaugh-christine-blasey-ford-certainty-sot-vpx.cnn
Press freedom groups urge Saudi Arabia to account for Jamal Khashoggi's whereabouts amid claims he was murdered
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/press-freedom-groups-urge-saudi-arabia-to-account-for-jamal-khashoggis-whereabouts-amid-claims-he-was-murdered/2018/10/07/65b0918a-c8d9-11e8-9c0f-2ffaf6d422aa_story.html
OPEC Takes a Backward View of the Future
https://www.bloombergquint.com/opinion/opec-s-outlook-fails-to-consider-climate-change-disruption
Sponsors are dropping out of Saudi Arabia's 'Davos in the desert'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/2Katccgw5lU/index.html
Saudi Arabia gets some of the biggest names in tech to help build its new mega-city
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/k6b9CKcN3aw/index.html
Mother says oil truck driver saved her life
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/irWwofUSQwA/haywood-county-mother-says-oil-truck-driver-saved-her-life
Jamal Khashoggi: Turkey's Erdogan urges Saudi Arabia to release images
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-45822280
Astronauts make harrowing escape, but Russian rocket failure roils NASA
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/american-russian-alive-after-soyuz-rocket-headed-to-space-station-fails-on-launch/2018/10/11/b9f3ae88-cd36-11e8-920f-dd52e1ae4570_story.html
Commodity Outlook by Tradebulls Securities: Buy Crude Oil, Gold
https://www.business-standard.com/article/markets/commodity-outlook-by-tradebulls-securities-buy-crude-oil-gold-118101200080_1.html
Commodity Outlook: Oil on weak footing on Iran sanction waiver
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/commodities/news/commodity-outlook-oil-on-weak-footing-on-iran-sanction-waiver/articleshow/66117055.cms
Commodity Roundup: Crude oil in mood to crack; base metals shine
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/commodities/news/commodity-roundup-crude-oil-in-mood-to-crack-base-metals-shine/articleshow/66096007.cms
U.S. raises pressure on Saudi Arabia over missing journalist
https://www.yahoo.com/news/turkish-paper-names-15-saudis-khashoggi-case-062408837.html
Oil prices hold ground, but set for 4 percent weekly fall
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/G5BNZ6yM99Q/oil-prices-hold-ground-but-set-for-4-percent-weekly-fall-idUSKCN1ML02R
U.S. oil firms restore operations in storm-tossed Gulf of Mexico
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/AyjrVJGtIlI/u-s-oil-firms-restore-operations-in-storm-tossed-gulf-of-mexico-idUSKCN1ML285
OPEC Moves to Calm Oil-Supply Fears as India Slams High Prices
https://www.bloombergquint.com/business/opec-moves-to-calm-oil-supply-fears-as-india-slams-high-prices
Oil Falls Most in Eight Weeks as Investors Avoid Risky Assets
https://www.bloombergquint.com/business/oil-set-for-worst-2-day-drop-since-july-as-stock-turmoil-spreads
OPEC Moves to Calm Oil-Supply Fears as India Slams High Prices
https://www.bloombergquint.com/business/opec-moves-to-calm-oil-supply-fears-as-india-slams-high-prices
IEA Urges OPEC to Open the Taps as Oil Market Enters ‘Red Zone’
https://www.bloombergquint.com/global-economics/iea-urges-opec-to-open-the-taps-as-oil-market-enters-red-zone
Crude Oil Sinks Despite Shutdown of Production in Gulf of Mexico
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/crude-oil-sinks-despite-shutdown-of-production-in-gulf-of-mexico/
Crude Oil Jumps More than 1% on Supply Concerns
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/crude-oil-jumps-more-than-1-on-supply-concerns/
Oil Retreats Despite Supportive Fundamentals
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/oil-retreats-despite-supportive-fundamentals/
Crude Oil Retreats on Friday After Earlier Rally, Still Ends Week with Gains
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/crude-oil-retreats-on-friday-after-earlier-rally-still-ends-week-with-gains/
$100/b darlings of US oil could lead way for crude
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/04/100-b-darlings-us-oil-lead-way-crude/
$100/b oil: so near, yet still so far | Fuel for Thought
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/01/100-dollars-per-barrel-oil-prices-near-yet-still-far/
Oil Experts Divided As Iran Sanctions Loom
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Oil-Prices/Oil-Experts-Divided-As-Iran-Sanctions-Loom.html
Canadian Oil Firms On US$7.7B Spending Spree
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/Canadian-Oil-Firms-On-US77B-Spending-Spree.html
Stock Market Chaos Sparks Oil Selloff
https://oilprice.com/Finance/the-Markets/Stock-Market-Chaos-Sparks-Oil-Selloff.html
Oil’s $133 Billion Black Market
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/Oils-133-Billion-Black-Market.html
Oil Tanker Rates To Asia Hit 2018 High
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/Oil-Tanker-Rates-To-Asia-Hit-2018-High.html
OPEC Turns On The Taps To Counter Iranian Outages
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/OPEC-Turns-On-The-Taps-To-Counter-Iranian-Outages.html
OPEC Continues To Cut Oil Demand Growth Forecasts
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/OPEC-Continues-To-Cut-Oil-Demand-Growth-Forecasts.html
China Replaces Venezuelan Oil With Canadian Imports
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/China-Replaces-Venezuelan-Oil-With-Canadian-Imports.html
China Turns Its Back On U.S. Oil
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/China-Turns-Its-Back-On-US-Oil.html
Hurricane Michael Shutters 700,000 Bpd Of Oil Production
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/Hurricane-Michael-Shutters-700000-Bpd-Of-Oil-Production.html
EIA Inventory Count Accelerates Oil Price Slide
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Crude-Oil/EIA-Inventory-Count-Accelerates-Oil-Price-Slide.html
Trump Threatens Iran’s Oil Clients
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/Trump-Threatens-Irans-Oil-Clients.html
Libya’s Increased Oil Production Thwarts OPEC’s Reduction Plans
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/20/business/energy-environment/oil-price-opec-libya.html?partner=rss&emc=rss
Both Climate Leader and Oil Giant? A Norwegian Paradox
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/17/world/europe/norway-climate-oil.html?partner=rss&emc=rss
OPEC Took Aim at U.S. Oil Producers, but Hurt Itself, Too
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/15/business/energy-environment/gas-oil-petrol-opec.html?partner=rss&emc=rss
From Wall Street to K Street, Companies Gauge the Risks of Doing Business With Saudi Arabia
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/11/us/politics/saudi-arabia-business-risks.html
全球抛售潮下无一幸免 油价两天大跌超5%
https://wallstreetcn.com/articles/3418751
Saudi Crown Prince Ordered Effort To Bring Jamal Khashoggi Back To Saudi Arabia: Report
https://www.yahoo.com/news/saudi-crown-prince-ordered-effort-011142809.html
'Saudi Arabia Is Joining the Orgy Of Destruction of the Rule-Bound Order,' Former US Ambassador Says on Khashoggi
http://time.com/5422175/jamal-khashoggi-us-ambassador-saudi-arabia/
What is the Global Magnitsky Act, and why are US senators invoking this on Saudi Arabia?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2018/10/12/what-is-the-global-magnitsky-act-and-why-are-u-s-senators-invoking-this-on-saudi-arabia/
Business backlash over Khashoggi threatens Saudi Arabia's economic dreams
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/KC6HdO8W2Z0/index.html
Macron seeks answers from Saudi Arabia on Khashoggi
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/fJHHYxWecyk/macron-seeks-answers-from-saudi-arabia-on-khashoggi-idUSKCN1MM1AV
Journalist's disappearance is spooking Saudi Arabia's friends
https://www.cnn.com/collections/khashoggi-saturday-intl/
Gerard Butler cancels Saudi Arabia trip
https://www.cnn.com/videos/entertainment/2018/10/13/gerard-butler-chloe-melas-clip.cnn
Trump Vows 'Severe Punishment' if Saudi Arabia Implicated in Khashoggi Disappearance
https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-vows-severe-punishment-if-saudi-arabia-implicated-in-khashoggi-disappearance-1539439233
Saudi Arabia Wants Trump And Congress To Forget Jamal Khashoggi. Here’s Its Likely Playbook.
https://www.yahoo.com/news/saudi-arabia-wants-trump-congress-203144132.html
U.S. weapons makers rattled over Saudi Arabia deals
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/-CS2ub-ElEQ/u-s-weapons-makers-rattled-over-saudi-arabia-deals-idUSKCN1MM1VF
Trump: U.S. would be 'punishing itself' if it halts arms sales to Saudi Arabia
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/kQZUkG26csQ/trump-u-s-would-be-punishing-itself-if-it-halts-arms-sales-to-saudi-arabia-idUSKCN1MN0SM
Turkey says Saudi Arabia must cooperate on Khashoggi, allow access to consulate
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/Nbcs_8i2FjQ/turkey-says-saudi-arabia-must-cooperate-on-khashoggi-allow-access-to-consulate-idUSKCN1MN0L8
Crude Oil Loses Gains on Friday, Heads to Weekly Loss
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/crude-oil-loses-gains-on-friday-heads-to-weekly-loss/
Libya And Nigeria Lead OPEC Production Boost
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Crude-Oil/Libya-And-Nigeria-Lead-OPEC-Production-Boost.html
Jamal Khashoggi: Disappearance of journalist exposes Trump&apos;s lack of US ambassadors to Saudi Arabia and Turkey
https://www.yahoo.com/news/jamal-khashoggi-disappearance-journalist-exposes-162856901.html
Trump threatens 'severe punishment' if Saudis ordered killing of journalist Khashoggi
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/13/middleeast/khashoggi-saudi-turkey-investigation-intl/index.html
Freed from Turkey, US pastor meets Trump in Oval Office
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/13/politics/us-pastor-andrew-brunson-trump-oval-office/index.html
Trump on media blitz as midterms near
https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/10/12/trump-media-blitz-watt-lead-vpx.cnn
Are Trump and Xi on the brink of a new Cold War?
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/12/asia/us-china-trade-military-politics-intl/index.html
Trump Jr. retweets unsubstantiated claim on Khashoggi
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/13/politics/donald-trump-jr-jamal-khashoggi/index.html
Trump vows 'severe punishment' if journalist was killed by Saudis
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/FgUPI5XuIrI/index.html
Trump gives the options for Saudi punishment
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/p0CifujaO6g/trump-60-minutes-intv-sot-vpx.cnn
Saudi disappearance puts spotlight on Trump's business ties
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/NMyOdcgH9us/index.html
Trump Jr. retweets unsubstantiated claim on missing journalist
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/jYwewGIplBQ/index.html
Are Trump and Xi on the brink of a new Cold War?
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/Wf_eJNYzFIo/index.html
Trump vows 'punishment' if journalist was killed by Saudis
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_meast/~3/FgUPI5XuIrI/index.html
Trump vows 'severe punishment' if journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed by Saudis
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/FgUPI5XuIrI/index.html
Trump touts Brunson release, praises Mitch McConnell, Rand Paul at Kentucky rally
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/fUT3mataRXE/index.html
Republicans warn: There's a 'big fight' brewing over Trump's border wall
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/x85IJSrteGg/index.html
Trump to name Pat Cipollone as White House counsel
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/7HXxWKt--EU/index.html
Released US pastor Andrew Brunson returns to US, meets with Trump
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/nZoNI4-JlqY/index.html
Trump is disposing of a great American value: concern for human rights
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/D-BlUslETsE/index.html
Melania Trump totally changed her story on the 'I really don't care' jacket
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/UkIx_i-12Ds/index.html
Trump Jr. retweets unsubstantiated claim on missing Saudi journalist
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/jYwewGIplBQ/index.html
Brunson case fits with Trump's hostage release foreign policy
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/16DUbUcDjRU/index.html
Russia dossier author criticizes Trump, slams 'strange and troubling times'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/GkoD2HCrebQ/index.html
Melania Trump says women 'need evidence' if they say they're victims
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/L_1t6D9dr6w/index.html
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to introduce bill to fully fund Trump's border wall
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/2MBSe4mo_3Q/index.html
Restaurant says 'Trump Special' photo is a fake
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/xaRxw1n9J9s/asheville-restaurant-says-trump-special-photo-is-a-fake
Jamal Khashoggi: Trump to 'punish' Saudis over journalist
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45850514
Andrew Brunson: Trump meets US pastor freed by Turkey
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-45842735
Jamal Khashoggi: Trump to 'punish' Saudis over journalist
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45850514
Will Trump's Palestinian policy work?
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45746222
Andrew Brunson: Trump meets US pastor freed by Turkey
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-45842735
Jamal Khashoggi: Trump to 'punish' Saudis over journalist
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45850514
Melania Trump: Donald Trump and I are fine
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45836755
Kanye West says Trump hat 'made me feel like Superman'
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45826875
Trump says Fed is 'out of control'
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45826869
Kanye lavishes praise on Trump
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45830920
Trump 'Ivanka would be dynamite' at the UN
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45805763
Trump: 'I like Taylor's music about 25% less now'
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45790517
President Trump Says US Would Be 'Foolish' to Cancel Saudi Arms Deals
http://time.com/5424150/trump-saudi-arabia-arms-deal/
Trump administration weighs new family-separation effort at border
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/immigration/trump-administration-weighs-new-family-separation-effort-at-border/2018/10/12/45895cce-cd7b-11e8-920f-dd52e1ae4570_story.html
Trump Welcomes Home Pastor Andrew Brunson, but Denies Link to Saudi Case
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/13/us/politics/trump-pastor-brunson-khashoggi.html
Melania Trump totally changed her story on the 'I really don't care' jacket
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/13/politics/melania-trump-jacket-i-really-dont-care-do-u/index.html
A 'Kavanaugh bump' is boosting GOP Senate candidates. But Trump is a different story.
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/10/13/kavanaugh-bump-is-boosting-gop-senate-candidates-but-trump-is-a-different-story.html
Hillary Clinton Shreds Donald Trump&apos;s Latest Wild Collusion Conspiracy Claim
https://www.yahoo.com/news/hillary-clinton-shreds-donald-trump-023228123.html
Why the Trump Administration and Turkey Don’t Win in Pastor Andrew Brunson’s Release
https://www.yahoo.com/news/why-trump-administration-turkey-don-230327803.html
Post-Kanye, Trump says &apos;we&apos;re going to get the African-American vote&apos;
https://www.yahoo.com/news/post-kanye-trump-says-going-get-african-american-vote-010416414.html
Why Donald Trump Will Likely Win A Second Term As President
https://www.yahoo.com/news/why-donald-trump-likely-win-204941807.html
Donald Trump Jr. Peddles Tweet Linking Jamal Khashoggi To ‘Jihadists’
https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-jr-peddles-tweet-050112718.html
Trump says family separations deter illegal immigration
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/BH_kO8IbMos/trump-says-family-separations-deter-illegal-immigration-idUSKCN1MO00C
Trump on Twitter (October 12): Pastor Brunson, Ivanka Trump
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/IfFanHlQuNc/trump-on-twitter-pastor-brunson-ivanka-trump-idUSKCN1MN01J
Trump administration kills contract for plutonium-to-fuel plant
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/O5IgV-eOZIk/trump-administration-kills-contract-for-plutonium-to-fuel-plant-idUSKCN1MM2N0
Trump's lawyers preparing answers to questions in Russia probe: source
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/Y_BLX-n9f_c/trumps-lawyers-preparing-answers-to-questions-in-russia-probe-source-idUSKCN1ML33J
Hollywood rewrites its script to resist Trump in midterms
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/FWgKZapJ89I/hollywood-rewrites-its-script-to-resist-trump-in-midterms-idUSKCN1ML1GO
Trump dossier research chief declines Congress subpoena
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/43WrcFYEPEg/trump-dossier-research-chief-declines-congress-subpoena-idUSKCN1ML33V
Kanye West defends support for Trump, in front of Trump
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/AXSRnkjnons/kanye-west-defends-support-for-trump-in-front-of-trump-idUSKCN1ML26N
Kanye West's meeting with Trump provokes scorn, sadness, support
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/HLxWpLeWXBE/kanye-wests-meeting-with-trump-provokes-scorn-sadness-support-idUSKCN1ML2SX
Trump thanks Turkey for pastor's release, denies cutting deal
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/Y3m-1eq5b9A/trump-thanks-turkey-for-pastors-release-denies-cutting-deal-idUSKCN1MN0KQ
Trump says family separations deter illegal immigration
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/5ndwdRi5kdU/trump-says-family-separations-deter-illegal-immigration-idUSKCN1MO00C
Trump says U.S. would be 'punishing' itself if it halts Saudi arms sales
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/pl_nKAlVn9g/trump-says-u-s-would-be-punishing-itself-if-it-halts-saudi-arms-sales-idUSKCN1MN0HJ
Trump hails freeing of Brunson as step in Turkey-U.S. relations
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/LtTO9jilZtE/trump-hails-freeing-of-brunson-as-step-in-turkey-u-s-relations-idUSKCN1MN0SS
Trump trade war delivers farm boom in Brazil
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/USVideoWorldNews/~3/PHRlmI8VnS4/trump-trade-war-delivers-farm-boom-in-br
Trump breaking supply chain eggs to make trade deal omelets
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/05/trump-supply-chain-eggs-trade-deal-omelets/
Scientists Praise Energy Innovation Office Trump Wants to Shut Down
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/13/climate/arpa-e-national-academy-sciences.html?partner=rss&emc=rss
Trump says he is considering a new family separation policy at US-Mexico border
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-says-he-is-considering-a-new-family-separation-policy-at-us-mexico-border/2018/10/13/ea2f256e-cf25-11e8-920f-dd52e1ae4570_story.html
Anderson Cooper Roasts Trump With Split Screen Of Kanye Chat And Hurricane Fallout
https://www.yahoo.com/news/anderson-cooper-roasts-trump-split-092613810.html
Saudi Arabia calls allegations of orders to kill Jamal Khashoggi &apos;baseless lies&apos;
https://www.yahoo.com/news/saudi-arabia-calls-allegations-orders-024119165.html
USA Today Publishes Fact Check Of &apos;Misleading&apos; Trump Op-Ed
https://www.yahoo.com/news/usa-today-publishes-fact-check-123219120.html
Melania Trump: I Have More Important Things to Worry About Than My Husband&apos;s Alleged Infidelity
https://www.yahoo.com/news/melania-trump-more-important-things-121722334.html
Being Melania - The First Lady Part 5: Melania Trump on distrust in the West Wing
https://www.yahoo.com/news/being-melania-first-lady-part-233526264.html
China's paranoia and oppression in Xinjiang has a long history
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/SxeYYeDaAms/index.html
Interpol chief's arrest shows one-party rule is the only important thing to China
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/wRxiWVC5W5s/index.html
China legalizes Xinjiang 're-education camps'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/c7aYun6QQZM/index.html
Wife of ex-Interpol chief fears for her life with her husband detained in China
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/PthahBLjQCc/index.html
BMW to take control of China venture Brilliance Automotive
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-45819620
US Treasury secretary remains concerned about weak China currency
https://www.yahoo.com/news/us-treasury-secretary-remains-concerned-weak-china-currency-141000759.html
'SNL' tackles Trump's meeting with Kanye
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/14/entertainment/saturday-night-live-kanye-trump/index.html
'SNL' tackles President Trump's meeting with Kanye West
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/KKdGi9Ow2pQ/index.html
Melania Trump says 'don't care' jacket was a message
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45853364
Trump celebrates McConnell, federal judicial appointments at Kentucky rally
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-celebrates-mcconnell-federal-judicial-appointments-at-kentucky-rally/2018/10/13/db3ad41a-ce33-11e8-a360-85875bac0b1f_story.html
Melania Trump: 'I Don't Really Care' Jacket Was a Message to 'Left-Wing' Critics
http://time.com/5424073/melania-trump-i-dont-really-care-jacket-message/
Macron seeks answers from Saudi Arabia on Khashoggi
https://www.yahoo.com/news/france-raises-pressure-saudi-over-khashoggi-disappearance-111022636.html
Melania Trump Reveals Why She Wore &apos;I Really Don&apos;t Care&apos; Jacket
https://www.yahoo.com/news/melania-trump-reveals-why-she-051411364.html
China September exports surge, creating record surplus with U.S. despite tariffs
https://www.yahoo.com/news/chinas-september-export-growth-tops-forecasts-surplus-u-040207621--business.html
Google tells U.S. lawmakers it is mulling options on China services
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/OQAeUPZwUsQ/google-tells-u-s-lawmakers-it-is-mulling-options-on-china-services-idUSKCN1MM2GK
China's trade surplus with U.S. hits new record
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/USVideoWorldNews/~3/no96h7wIjzE/chinas-trade-surplus-with-us-hits-new-re
Soybean Plunges on Supply Outlook, Lower US Exports to China
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/soybean-plunges-on-supply-outlook-lower-us-exports-to-china/
What Will OPEC Do To Calm Stormy Oil Markets?
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Oil-Prices/What-Will-OPEC-Do-To-Calm-Stormy-Oil-Markets.html
Will China’s “Debt Diplomacy” Backfire?
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/Will-Chinas-Debt-Diplomacy-Backfire.html
China’s LPG Import Costs Rise On Trade War, Iran Sanctions
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/Chinas-LPG-Import-Costs-Rise-On-Trade-War-Iran-Sanctions.html
China’s Car Sales Slump Amid Sluggish Economy, Trade War
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/Chinas-Car-Sales-Slump-Amid-Sluggish-Economy-Trade-War.html
China Cancels Military Meeting With Vietnam Over Territorial Dispute
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/world/asia/china-vietnam-south-china-sea.html?partner=rss&emc=rss
A Court Victory Heals All Wounds: Trump Calls McConnell 'the Greatest Leader in History'
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/13/us/politics/trump-mcconnell.html
Melania Trump ignores cheating rumors about husband
https://www.washingtonpost.com/entertainment/celebrities/melania-trump-says-she-loves-trump-ignores-cheating-rumors/2018/10/12/f9f6a5b8-ce93-11e8-ad0a-0e01efba3cc1_story.html
Trump says family separations deter illegal immigration
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-family-separations-deter-illegal-immigration-004340532.html
US Officials Meet With Taliban Again as Trump Pushes Afghan Peace Process
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/13/world/asia/us-talks-taliban-afghanistan.html
Washington Post Says Turkey Has Proof Saudi Arabian Journalist Jamal Khashoggi Was Killed
https://www.yahoo.com/news/washington-post-says-turkey-proof-191107869.html
The Latest: Trump says freed pastor to be checked in Germany
https://www.yahoo.com/news/latest-hearing-us-pastor-turkey-commences-130949361.html
'SNL' Mocks President Trump and Kanye West
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/14/arts/television/snl-president-donald-trump-kanye-west-alec-baldwin.html
US Edges Toward New Cold-War Era With China
https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-edges-toward-new-cold-war-era-with-china-1539355839
Trump Says Family Separations May Deter Illegal U.S. Entries
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-separating-families-may-203840595.html
Trump critic Mitt Romney denies leading 'Never Trump' Republicans
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/oct/13/mitt-romney-donald-trump-never-trump-republicans-deny
Trump sees Kanye West as the 'black me' in SNL cold open
https://www.washingtonpost.com/arts-entertainment/2018/10/14/trump-sees-kanye-west-black-me-snl-cold-open/
US pastor freed from Turkey prays with Trump in Oval Office
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-expected-meet-american-pastor-freed-turkey-062733435--politics.html
Trump's Saudi business ties under scrutiny
https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/10/12/trump-saudi-business-ties-alesci-dnt-ebof-vpx.cnn
The Leaders Who Unleashed China's Mass Detention of Muslims
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/13/world/asia/china-muslim-detainment-xinjang-camps.html
Trump thanks Turkey for pastor's release, denies cutting deal
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-host-pastor-brunson-oval-office-saturday-afternoon-142826552.html
Trump Defends Separating Families at the Border
https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-defends-separating-families-at-the-border-1539464658
China Wants 'Constructive' Solution to Trade War, PBOC's Yi Says
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-10-14/china-wants-constructive-solution-to-trade-war-pboc-s-yi-says
Trump hails freeing of Brunson as step in Turkey-U.S. relations
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-hails-freeing-brunson-step-turkey-u-relations-192307263--finance.html
White House Aides &apos;Hugely Embarrassed&apos; By Trump&apos;s Lunch With Kanye: NYT Reporter
https://www.yahoo.com/news/white-house-aides-apos-hugely-181018588.html
Saudi Stocks Plunge as Trump Vows Punishment Over Khashoggi Fate
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-10-14/saudi-stocks-slump-as-trump-vows-punishment-over-khashoggi-fate-jn8lhaqf
Saudi stock marke dives 6.8% after Trump threatens punishment over Khashoggi disappearance
https://www.businessinsider.com/khashoggi-case-saudi-markets-down68-after-trump-threatens-punishment-for-2018-10
Turkey Blaming Saudi Arabia for Jamal Khashoggi&apos;s Disappearance Is Great News for Iran
https://www.yahoo.com/news/turkey-blaming-saudi-arabia-jamal-154206556.html
China's economy is growing at its slowest pace since the financial crisis
https://www.cnn.com/collections/china-economy-intl/
Wife of China's detained Interpol chief says he might already be dead
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/asia/interpol-china-grace-meng-bbc-intl/index.html
China's ByteDance is taking the social media world by storm
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/18/tech/bytedance-china-tiktok/index.html
Biden hopes Democrats don't impeach Trump right away
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/17/politics/biden-dont-impeach-trump/index.html
Can this app help China's forgotten cancer sufferers?
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/18/health/china-cancer-app-intl/index.html
Why Trump doesn't want to punish Saudi Arabia
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/politics/donald-trump-saudi-arabia-jamal-khashoggi-politics/index.html
US President shifts tone on Saudi Arabia as evidence mounts
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/middleeast/us-saudi-khashoggi-trump-intl/index.html
Saudi critic: MBS has won Trump and lost the rest
https://www.cnn.com/videos/world/2018/10/17/intv-amanpour-madawi-al-rasheed-taha-ozhan.cnn
Trump praises congressman for 'body slamming' reporter
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/18/politics/trump-rally-gianforte-my-guy/index.html
Trump: Midterms 'an election of the caravan'
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/politics/donald-trump-migrant-caravan-midterm-elections/index.html
Why Trump likes it when Kelly and Bolton fight
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/18/politics/john-bolton-john-kelly-trump/index.html
Trump hardens line on Saudi Arabia as evidence mounts over Khashoggi's disappearance
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/AkpcjOQvnUg/index.html
China's economy is growing at its slowest pace since the financial crisis
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/6PqYVsZEJLE/index.html
Big tech's relationship with Saudi Arabia in doubt
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/JW-AoPbFgxM/index.html
Trade war with China may cause 2020 recession
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/jT2DlBWOZ38/index.html
China's bullet trains are coming to Hong Kong
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/X7s-ptFrW7c/index.html
Wife of China's detained Interpol chief says he might already be dead
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_asia/~3/_vxgO0PN3VA/index.html
Trump shifts tone on Saudi Arabia as evidence mounts over Khashoggi's disappearance
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_meast/~3/AkpcjOQvnUg/index.html
Trump to meet with Pompeo as Khashoggi crisis engulfs White House
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_meast/~3/UmHg_k_D3Ac/index.html
Trump suggests 'rogue killers' behind Jamal Khashoggi's disappearance
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_meast/~3/dglfmZdWZ2k/index.html
Trump shifts tone on Saudi Arabia as evidence mounts over Khashoggi's disappearance
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/AkpcjOQvnUg/index.html
Trump calls midterms 'an election of the caravan'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/1aXjXgKsB4Y/index.html
Why Trump doesn't want to punish Saudi Arabia
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/mrdBJpNp7oI/index.html
China growth slows; Silicon Valley and Saudi Arabia; Euro woes
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/5GUOb1qy8Ps/index.html
Trump jokes about congressman assaulting reporter: 'Any guy who can do a body slam ... he's my guy'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/P7kRwRAhcrg/index.html
Trump more involved in stopping FBI HQ move than previously known, emails show
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/qVE-39x4HEo/index.html
Trump's willing to carry Republicans ... unless they lose
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/Lp3P1pAsEKc/index.html
Saudi Arabia's money in US politics
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/gd6b4X7ZJv0/saudi-money-us-politics-tapper-dnt-lead-vpx.cnn
Saudi Arabia: Is this the end of Mohammed Bin Salman's honeymoon?
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45870636
Saudi Arabia: Five reasons why Gulf kingdom matters to the West
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45861708
Trump hails body slamming Congressman Greg Gianforte in Montana
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45913921
Trump makes new threat over US-Mexico border
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45905294
US shies away from calling China a currency manipulator
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-45896472
Obamacare: The big election issue that's not Trump
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45880506
Painting of Trump among past presidents seen at White House
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-trending-45861868
Trump moves to quit 144-year-old postal treaty
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-45894346
Trump calls Federal Reserve 'my biggest threat'
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-45881966
Melania Trump's flight forced to land after smoke fills plane cabin
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45896126
President Trump given 'flat denial' by Saudi King over disappearance of journalist
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45866180
Trump and Saudi Arabia could basically brush off the Khashoggi crisis — and that's been the norm
https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-and-saudi-arabia-could-basically-brush-off-the-khashoggi-crisis-2018-10
Trump hails body slamming Congressman Greg Gianforte in Montana
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-45913921
Nikki Haley Pokes Fun at Trump, and Herself, at Al Smith Dinner
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/18/world/americas/nikki-haley-al-smith-speech.html
Onlookers cheer as 'Trump Place' is pried from condo building
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/onlookers-cheer-as-trump-place-is-pried-from-condo-building/2018/10/18/2e47b3ce-d2fa-11e8-8c22-fa2ef74bd6d6_story.html
UPDATE 1-HKEX's mainland China commodity trade platform launches
https://af.reuters.com/article/metalsNews/idAFL3N1WZ406
Moody's: China's tightening environmental policy is negative for four commodity sectors
https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/bonds/moody-s-china-s-tightening-environmental-policy-is-negative-for-four-commodity-sectors-1027632086
Trump Threatens To Order Military To &apos;Close Our Southern Border&apos; Over Immigration
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-threatens-order-military-apos-120930467.html
Melania Trump&apos;s Plane Forced to Turn Around After &apos;Mechanical Issue&apos;
https://www.yahoo.com/news/melania-trump-apos-plane-forced-172058548.html
President Avenatti? Lawyer for Stormy Daniels and Julie Swetnick wants the 2020 Democratic nomination, arguing that no one will swing harder at Trump
https://www.yahoo.com/news/president-avenatti-lawyer-stormy-daniels-julie-swetnick-wants-2020-democratic-nomination-arguing-no-one-will-swing-harder-trump-124121994.html
Trump says he expects answers on Saudi reporter’s disappearance by ‘end of the week’
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-expects-answers-saudi-reporters-disappearance-end-week-185820819.html
Melania Trump visits families affected by opioid crisis
https://www.yahoo.com/news/smoke-forces-melania-trumps-plane-back-military-134912867--politics.html
Google Wants China. Will Chinese Users Want Google?
https://www.wired.com/story/google-wants-china-will-chinese-users-want-google
Trump praises U.S. congressman from Montana who body-slammed reporter
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/8jd4_qVVxC8/trump-praises-u-s-congressman-from-montana-who-body-slammed-reporter-idUSKCN1MT06L
Trump threatens to send military, shut border as migrants head for Mexico
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/6kQmroeOxOQ/trump-threatens-to-send-military-shut-border-as-migrants-head-for-mexico-idUSKCN1MS1TS
Lawmakers to quiz Trump-Russia probe overseer Rosenstein
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/zmL6bqImk4k/lawmakers-to-quiz-trump-russia-probe-overseer-rosenstein-idUSKCN1MT02A
Two top Trump aides tangle outside Oval Office over immigration
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/zxIZKf5uNWE/two-top-trump-aides-tangle-outside-oval-office-over-immigration-idUSKCN1MS35W
Democratic victory in November would put Trump under microscope
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/aN9kL3Kz2OY/democratic-victory-in-november-would-put-trump-under-microscope-idUSKCN1MS1EM
Democrats question plan for new FBI HQ near Trump's DC hotel
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/OqHRN3H8LUs/democrats-question-plan-for-new-fbi-hq-near-trumps-dc-hotel-idUSKCN1MS2TD
Trump administration asks high court to halt climate change case
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/WV62nSqa6NQ/trump-administration-asks-high-court-to-halt-climate-change-case-idUSKCN1MS2KF
As tensions mount, Mattis seeks more resilient U.S. ties with China's military
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/DOqzyUZdmlo/as-tensions-mount-mattis-seeks-more-resilient-u-s-ties-with-chinas-military-idUSKCN1MR2TA
How Democrats hope to obtain Trump's tax returns
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/kCBTqLesfEY/how-democrats-hope-to-obtain-trumps-tax-returns-idUSKCN1MS1FT
Clash over Trump tariffs heats up with barrage of WTO litigation
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/C1moMjNyoYU/clash-over-trump-tariffs-heats-up-with-barrage-of-wto-litigation-idUSKCN1MT1L4
Factbox: U.S., Saudi Arabia have leverage on each other; using it has costs
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/uxLvWMU1fUg/factbox-u-s-saudi-arabia-have-leverage-on-each-other-using-it-has-costs-idUSKCN1MQ2SU
Trump says Saudi journalist likely dead; Turkey searches for remains
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/awHD-AAS3gI/trump-says-saudi-journalist-likely-dead-turkey-searches-for-remains-idUSKCN1MS08Q
Trump gives Saudi Arabia benefit of doubt in journalist's disappearance
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/VbIiujZCxUg/trump-gives-saudi-arabia-benefit-of-doubt-in-journalists-disappearance-idUSKCN1MQ05C
Exclusive: OPEC, allies struggle to fully deliver pledged oil output boost - internal document
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/56ZXXXskvPk/exclusive-opec-allies-struggle-to-fully-deliver-pledged-oil-output-boost-internal-document-idUSKCN1MT1G0
Trump threatens to send military, shut border as migrants head for Mexico
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/0AXWSZEHhp8/trump-threatens-to-send-military-shut-border-as-migrants-head-for-mexico-idUSKCN1MS1TS
China asks WTO to set up panel to discuss U.S. steel, aluminum measures
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/Rbx5KRiRPrg/china-asks-wto-to-set-up-panel-to-discuss-u-s-steel-aluminum-measures-idUSKCN1MS3AQ
Trump threatens to close southern border
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/USVideoWorldNews/~3/oTGe6ITHgyc/trump-threatens-to-close-southern-border
Pompeo talks Khashoggi with Turkey, Saudi Arabia
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/USVideoWorldNews/~3/PoBhxS5XWUs/pompeo-talks-khashoggi-with-turkey-saudi
Has China Finally Lifted Its Thumb Off Of Gold?
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/O6oWMQwpLvc/has-china-finally-lifted-its-thumb-gold
Trump, Xi "Tentatively Agree" To Talks At G-20 Summit In Nov.
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/bP2YHDnl1pg/trump-china-tentatively-commit-talks-g-20
European Markets Sink On Italian Fears, China Surges After GDP Miss; S&P Futs Flat
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/lty3JD-7_oo/european-markets-sink-italian-fears-china-surges-after-gdp-miss-sp-futs-flat
Saudi Arabia Breaks 45-Year Taboo With Veiled Threat to Use Oil as a Weapon
https://www.bloombergquint.com/global-economics/veiled-saudi-threat-boosts-oil-prices-already-moving-toward-100
Crude Oil Prices Stable as Markets Wait for New Developments in US-Saudi Conflict
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/crude-oil-prices-stable-as-markets-wait-for-new-developments-in-us-saudi-conflict/
Crude Oil Gains amid Tensions Between USA & Saudi Arabia
https://www.earnforex.com/commodities/crude-oil-gains-amid-tensions-between-usa-saudi-arabia/
Trump wants to expedite a Texas pipeline project, but no one seems to know what it is
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/17/trump-expedite-texas-pipeline-project/
In the LOOP: Crude oil export cargoes from Louisiana to China dry up
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/16/loop-china-export-louisiana/
Saudi Arabia’s power play will unleash crude oil supplies: Fuel for Thought
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/15/saudi-arabia-power-play-crude-oil-supplies/
Vietnam’s plastic end-users set to gain as US-China trade spat intensifies
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/15/vietnam-plastic-end-users-gain-us-china-trade-spat/
China Can’t Get Enough Of The World’s Cheapest Crude
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Crude-Oil/China-Cant-Get-Enough-Of-The-Worlds-Cheapest-Crude.html
Is Saudi Arabia About To Enter The Arctic Gas Game?
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Natural-Gas/Is-Saudi-Arabia-About-To-Enter-The-Arctic-Gas-Game.html
Trump more involved in stopping FBI HQ move than previously known, emails show
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/qVE-39x4HEo/index.html
Big tech's budding relationship with Saudi Arabia in doubt after Khashoggi
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/JW-AoPbFgxM/index.html
Trump Says He Now Believes Khashoggi Is Dead, Threatens 'Consequences'
https://www.npr.org/2018/10/19/658732039/trump-says-he-now-believes-khashoggi-is-dead-threatens-consequences
At charity dinner, Nikki Haley takes playful jabs at Trump and other political elites
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/at-charity-dinner-nikki-haley-takes-playful-jabs-at-trump-and-other-political-elites/2018/10/19/f91dcd7e-d389-11e8-b2d2-f397227b43f0_story.html
Companies Split on US Exit From Postal Pact Benefiting China
https://www.wsj.com/articles/companies-split-on-u-s-exit-from-postal-pact-benefiting-china-1539903115
Evangelical Leader Pat Robertson On Saudi Arabia: &apos;We&apos;ve Got To Cool The Rhetoric&apos;
https://www.yahoo.com/news/evangelical-leader-pat-robertson-saudi-003944218.html
Carly Fiorina Says Trump Has Reached A &apos;New Low&apos; With Stormy Daniels Attacks
https://www.yahoo.com/news/carly-fiorina-says-trump-reached-040428936.html
Is Saudi Arabia About To Enter The Arctic Gas Game?
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/jyXgv8iz_E4/saudi-arabia-about-enter-arctic-gas-game
Trump may regret getting close to MBS
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/opinions/trumps-mistake-with-mbs-opinion-intl/index.html
How Saudi Arabia's media is covering the Khashoggi disappearance
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_meast/~3/MdUJQhal_6U/index.html
What Donald Trump did Thursday night in Montana is really dangerous
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/zFxIgP7RPSM/index.html
Donald Trump may come to regret getting so close to Mohammed bin Salman
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/18RfNIziuEs/index.html
The 45 most bizarre lines from Donald Trump's wild Montana speech
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/wAkj2u1f_wo/index.html
Trump's demonization of the media can have deadly consequences
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/PyhQoTWKF1Y/index.html
We knew Trump wouldn't condemn a congressman for assaulting a reporter. Now, he celebrates it.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2018/10/19/we-knew-trump-doesnt-condemn-congressman-assaulting-reporter-now-he-celebrates-it/
Trump Aims to Fire Up Republican Voters Over Immigration
https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-aims-to-fire-up-republican-voters-over-immigration-1539906051
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin Says He Won&apos;t Attend Saudi Arabia Summit
https://www.yahoo.com/news/treasury-secretary-steven-mnuchin-says-154921528.html
How The Khashoggi Scandal Looks When You&apos;ve Been Bombed And Starved By Saudi Arabia For Years
https://www.yahoo.com/news/khashoggi-scandal-looks-apos-ve-000636759.html
Joe Biden Says He Hopes Democrats Don&apos;t Act To Impeach Trump While Mueller Investigating
https://www.yahoo.com/news/joe-biden-says-hopes-democrats-050153775.html
Pat Buchanan Fears Refugee Caravan Puts Trump's Legacy On The Line
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/cpxzoo2DRoM/pat-buchanan-fears-refugee-caravan-puts-trumps-legacy-line
"He's A Great Guy": Trump Praises Montana Republican Who Body-Slammed Reporter
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/tVI3Yy6Uq5Q/hes-great-guy-trump-praises-montana-republican-who-body-slammed-reporter
Trump administration may struggle to obstruct IMO 2020
http://blogs.platts.com/2018/10/19/trump-administration-may-struggle-to-obstruct-imo-2020/
China Refiners’ Run Rates At Record High In September
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/China-Refiners-Run-Rates-At-Record-High-In-September.html
Leaked Document: OPEC+ Struggling To Lift Oil Production
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Crude-Oil/Leaked-Document-OPEC-Struggling-To-Lift-Oil-Production.html
Trump may come to regret getting so close to Saudi ruler
https://www.cnn.com/collections/saudi-journalist-missing-101018/
Democrats seek answers over Trump 'personal enrichment' from Saudi government
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/MAtcfnMsBiw/index.html
A former top aide to Hillary Clinton says there's a 'not zero' chance she'll challenge Trump in 2020
https://www.businessinsider.com/hillary-clinton-2020-run-president-phillippe-reines-2018-10
Cory Booker says the U.S. needs to ‘reexamine’ its ‘entire relationship’ with Saudi Arabia
https://www.yahoo.com/news/cory-booker-says-u-s-needs-re-examine-entire-relationship-saudi-arabia-211344667.html
Melania Trump Look-Alike in Provocative T.I. Video Doesn&apos;t Think She Was &apos;Degrading&apos; First Lady
https://www.yahoo.com/news/melania-trump-look-alike-provocative-173432597.html
Trump criticized for praising congressman who body-slammed reporter
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/ct7tzLjJmXo/trump-criticized-for-praising-congressman-who-body-slammed-reporter-idUSKCN1MT2N0
Trump on Twitter (October 19): Mike Pompeo, Texas
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/lWJ0aM-M3l0/trump-on-twitter-mike-pompeo-texas-idUSKCN1MT2KT
Trump criticized for praising congressman who body-slammed reporter
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/IXZrfQ1ffYU/trump-criticized-for-praising-congressman-who-body-slammed-reporter-idUSKCN1MT2N0
Trump: Top U.S. diplomat has not reviewed purported recordings of Saudi consulate
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/9kejsWP36e4/trump-top-u-s-diplomat-has-not-reviewed-purported-recordings-of-saudi-consulate-idUSKCN1MT2KG
"Fake News" - Trump Denies Pompeo Heard/Saw Khashoggi Audio/Video
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/FopsHGdtPBo/fake-news-trump-denies-pompeo-heardsaw-khashoggi-audiovideo
Vice-Premier: Northern China Needs To Prepare For Winter
https://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/Vice-Premier-Northern-China-Needs-To-Prepare-For-Winter.html
Tom Barrack, CEO and Trump friend, drops out of Saudi conference
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/D_bluZQICP4/index.html
Trump's GOP allies are mad over Rosenstein's interview arrangement
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/wQiIo53APHg/index.html
Sen. Leahy criticizes Trump for 'terrible' jokes about assault on reporter
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/n6IEgsCMaos/index.html
Trump Hits the Panic Button
https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2018/10/trumps-desperate-endorsement-political-violence/573463/
Nikki Haley joins a growing list of Trump officials who criticize Trump on their way out the door
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2018/10/19/nikki-haley-joins-growing-list-trump-officials-who-criticize-trump-their-way-out-door/
Trump calls Democrat Beto O'Rourke a 'total lightweight' as he swoops into red Texas to boost Sen. Ted Cruz
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/10/19/texas-senate-race-trump-hits-beto-orourke-boosts-ted-cruz.html
Melania Trump look-alike says she's getting death threats after racy TI video
https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2018/10/19/melania-trump-t-video-received-death-threats-stephanie-grisham/1694648002/
Trump praises Gianforte, recounting his assault on reporter
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-praises-gianforte-recounting-assault-reporter-015403177.html
New moon: China to launch lunar lighting in outer space
https://www.yahoo.com/news/moon-china-launch-lunar-lighting-outer-space-065452596.html
Lara Trump Says More Women Will Vote Republican Due To &apos;Kavanaugh Effect&apos;
https://www.yahoo.com/news/lara-trump-says-more-women-154312284.html
Exxon Mobil bets big on China LNG, sidesteps trade war
https://www.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-bets-big-china-lng-sidesteps-trade-000617894--sector.html
U.S. says Russia, China, Iran seek to disrupt elections
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/cG9Iw06Yqgk/u-s-says-russia-china-iran-seek-to-disrupt-elections-idUSKCN1MT2O6
Judge drops some charges against ex-Trump campaign aide Manafort
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/0-ALonV1e7o/judge-drops-some-charges-against-ex-trump-campaign-aide-manafort-idUSKCN1MT2M5
Trump says he may consider sanctions over missing Saudi journalist
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/_fGP1tNBB-o/trump-says-he-may-consider-sanctions-over-missing-saudi-journalist-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Trump hopes Mexican efforts to block migrants' caravan continue
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/-EALIqbfI6A/trump-hopes-mexican-efforts-to-block-migrants-caravan-continue-idUSKCN1MT2SQ
Trump says Congress will be involved in U.S. response to Khashoggi case
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/-aj4zbarR0s/trump-says-congress-will-be-involved-in-u-s-response-to-khashoggi-case-idUSKCN1MT2SE
Judge drops some charges against ex-Trump campaign aide Manafort
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/t_BGHWWRaBI/judge-drops-some-charges-against-ex-trump-campaign-aide-manafort-idUSKCN1MT2M5
China's National Team Rescues Global Stocks As Yuan Tumbles, Gold Gains
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/JzH8GiUk8u4/chinas-national-team-rescues-global-stocks-yuan-tumbles-gold-gains
Opinion: Trump may come to regret getting so close to Mohammed bin Salman
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_world/~3/18RfNIziuEs/index.html
Zakaria: How Trump can win the cold war with China
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/cLMcL45L7t4/index.html
Trump: Charged Russian national 'had nothing to do with my campaign'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/s8w5pVZYNBA/index.html
‘He’s My Kind Of Guy’: Trump Celebrates Congressman Who Body-Slammed Reporter
https://www.yahoo.com/news/kind-guy-trump-celebrates-congressman-014809741.html
Trump backs water projects in U.S. West as election nears
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/IGPTBeOc9hw/trump-backs-water-projects-in-u-s-west-as-election-nears-idUSKCN1MT2XR
Saudi Arabia admits Khashoggi died in consulate, fires two senior officials
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/Tuols5d_3wk/saudi-arabia-admits-khashoggi-died-in-consulate-fires-two-senior-officials-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Saudi Arabia says journalist Khashoggi died after fight in consulate
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/2LweWYojwp4/saudi-arabia-says-journalist-khashoggi-died-after-fight-in-consulate-idUSKCN1MT2YI
Next summit for Trump, North Korea's Kim likely after first of year: senior U.S. official
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/miIAACPc2zM/next-summit-for-trump-north-koreas-kim-likely-after-first-of-year-senior-u-s-official-idUSKCN1MT2VD
Turkey, Saudi Arabia leaders emphasize cooperation in Saudi journalist probe: Anadolu
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/RgFIoHhUVNI/turkey-saudi-arabia-leaders-emphasize-cooperation-in-saudi-journalist-probe-anadolu-idUSKCN1MT2WL
Bolton Pushes Trump To Drop 1987 Treaty After Russia Unveils Advanced Nukes
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/-Qh5gVjfh84/bolton-pushes-trump-drop-1987-treaty-after-russia-unveils-advanced-nukes
Democrats seek answers over Trump 'personal enrichment' from Saudi Arabia's government
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/politics/trump-saudi-arabia-khashoggi-democrats/index.html
Saudi Arabia's full statement on the death of journalist Jamal Khashoggi
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_meast/~3/MOkwV9NXQ1w/index.html
Saudi Arabia's full statement on the death of journalist Jamal Khashoggi
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/MOkwV9NXQ1w/index.html
Saudis admit Khashoggi is dead. What are Trump's options?
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/zYCMR0Sfs7E/index.html
US mobster Skinny Joey gets two years in prison – and agrees with Trump on &apos;flippers&apos;
https://www.yahoo.com/news/philly-crime-boss-skinny-joey-112818165.html
China's Next Revolution Is On The Horizon
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/Hn-vxIf8tt0/chinas-next-revolution-horizon
Charting China's Imminent Implosion
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/Yz26XqYNqCc/charting-chinas-imminent-implosion
How OPEC Can Boost Its Spare Capacity
https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/How-OPEC-Can-Boost-Its-Spare-Capacity.html
Trump says he believes Saudi explanation is credible
https://www.cnn.com/middleeast/live-news/saudi-journalist-jamal-khashoggi-missing/index.html
Follow President Trump's rally in Arizona
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/GfqKRueVxOk/index.html
Trump says he believes Saudi explanation for Khashoggi's death, but some lawmakers are skeptical
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/2IIEx5ZltIE/index.html
Trump on Khashoggi: It's a good first step
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/hUCkQt-IvOE/trump-saudi-arabia-jamal-khashoggi-sot-arizona-air-force-base-vpx.cnn
Democrats seek answers over Trump 'personal enrichment' from Saudi government
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/MAtcfnMsBiw/index.html
Outgoing UN Ambassador Haley pokes fun at Trump
https://www.yahoo.com/news/outgoing-un-ambassador-haley-pokes-115755828.html
Donald Trump is destroying the American brand
https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-destroying-american-brand-090027322.html
Saudi Arabia admits Khashoggi died in consulate, Trump says Saudi explanation credible
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/zsFAb7emedk/saudi-arabia-admits-khashoggi-died-in-consulate-trump-says-saudi-explanation-credible-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Trump says Saudi explanation on Khashoggi's death credible
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/q8vZZsH_DqQ/trump-says-saudi-explanation-on-khashoggis-death-credible-idUSKCN1MU011
Escobar: What Sanctions On Russia And China Really Mean
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/gGtvG3Luqk0/escobar-what-sanctions-russia-and-china-really-mean
Swiss Banks Curb China Travel After UBS Banker Arrested
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/p4j01nTqj_4/swiss-banks-curb-china-travel-after-ubs-banker-arrested
Trump, Breaking With US Intelligence, Appears to Accept Saudi Explanation of Journalist's Death
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/19/us/politics/trump-saudi-arabia-journalist-khashoggi.html
Bolton pushes Trump administration to withdraw from landmark arms treaty
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/bolton-pushes-trump-administration-to-withdraw-from-landmark-arms-treaty/2018/10/19/f0bb8531-e7ce-4a34-b7ba-558f8b068dc5_story.html
Saudi Arabia's ruling dynasty
https://www.yahoo.com/news/saudi-arabias-ruling-dynasty-131137438.html
Saudi Arabia admits Khashoggi died in consulate, Trump says Saudi account credible
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/oM82AkqptT0/saudi-arabia-admits-khashoggi-died-in-consulate-trump-says-saudi-account-credible-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Will China Win The Artificial Intelligence Race?
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/QTKCrXBwjxo/will-china-win-artificial-intelligence-race
Jamal Khashoggi case: Saudi Arabia says journalist killed in fight
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45923217
Jamal Khashoggi case: Saudi Arabia says journalist killed in fight
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45923217
Jamal Khashoggi case: Saudi Arabia says journalist killed in fight
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45923217
China Plans to Launch an &apos;Artificial Moon&apos; to Light Up the Night Skies
https://www.yahoo.com/news/china-plans-launch-apos-artificial-093352838.html
Trump Says Khashoggi Likely Dead, Warns of ‘Severe’ Consequences
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-raises-pressure-saudis-mnuchin-163323455.html
Saudi Arabia 'admits' missing journalist is dead
https://www.cnn.com/collections/saudi-journalist-missing-intl-10-20/
Saudi Arabia's full statement on the death of journalist
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/19/middleeast/saudi-arabia-khashoggi-statement/index.html
Migrant caravan: 'May God soften Trump's heart'
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-45925652
President Trump Praises Melania for Staying &apos;So Cool&apos; During Plane Mishap
https://www.yahoo.com/news/president-trump-praises-melania-staying-181817712.html
Journalists: &apos;Americans Should Recoil&apos; From Trump&apos;s Celebration Of Reporter Assault
https://www.yahoo.com/news/journalists-apos-americans-recoil-apos-184608734.html
Thousands rally in Taiwan, call for referendum on independence from China
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/rIpXcZG0k38/thousands-rally-in-taiwan-call-for-referendum-on-independence-from-china-idUSKCN1MU090
U.S., China, others tentatively agree to multilateral air encounter code
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/AMWHWu7915k/u-s-china-others-tentatively-agree-to-multilateral-air-encounter-code-idUSKCN1MU082
Jamal Khashoggi died in fistfight at Istanbul consulate, Saudi Arabia claims
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/RhxolYxwccg/index.html
'This country doesn't want them': Trump rails against migrants trying to enter the US
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/this-country-doesnt-want-them-trump-rails-against-migrants-trying-to-enter-the-us/2018/10/19/1cbdd8de-d3ab-11e8-83d6-291fcead2ab1_story.html
As Trump Assails Caravan, a Clash Between Migrants and Mexico Police
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/19/world/americas/caravan-mexico-guatemala.html
Just A Reminder Of What Donald Trump Really Thinks About Ted Cruz
https://www.yahoo.com/news/just-reminder-donald-trump-really-230726170.html
Liam Fox and US treasury secretary pull out of &apos;Davos in the Desert&apos; summit in Saudi Arabia over Jamal Khashoggi allegations
https://www.yahoo.com/news/liam-fox-pulls-apos-davos-123338487.html
Trump a reluctant critic of Saudi Arabia despite pressure to act
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/bEMHiYRGDKE/trump-a-reluctant-critic-of-saudi-arabia-despite-pressure-to-act-idUSKCN1MU0AI
Trump a reluctant critic of Saudi Arabia despite pressure to act
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/tUix2lp-Fpw/trump-a-reluctant-critic-of-saudi-arabia-despite-pressure-to-act-idUSKCN1MU0AI
US importers stuck with Trump's latest China tariffs
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/qvoD2vOGcTM/index.html
Apple Data Downloads, A Dating App for Trump Fans, and More Security News This Week
https://www.wired.com/story/donald-trump-dating-app-exposed-data
Trump Sticks To Trump Country As He Pushes For GOP Wins In The Midterms
https://www.npr.org/2018/10/20/658634709/trump-sticks-to-trump-country-as-he-pushes-for-gop-wins-in-the-midterms
Trump appointee tapped days ago to run Interior Department's watchdog office resigns amid controversy
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-appointee-tapped-days-ago-to-run-interior-departments-watchdog-office-resigns-amid-controversy/2018/10/19/9cae13b8-d3d5-11e8-b2d2-f397227b43f0_story.html
Saudi Arabia admits Khashoggi died in consulate, Western reaction cautious
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/nWHLDv-a7ws/saudi-arabia-admits-khashoggi-died-in-consulate-western-reaction-cautious-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Trump to rally Republican support in Nevada ahead of midterm elections
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/Ug38DypXJUc/index.html
For President Trump, it's 2016 all over again
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/for-president-trump-its-2016-all-over-again/2018/10/20/53ca3514-d3e9-11e8-83d6-291fcead2ab1_story.html
US May Sail Through Taiwan Strait, Provoking China
https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-considering-sailing-through-taiwan-strait-1540024779
Trump says Saudi journalist likely dead; Turkey searches for remains
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-saudi-journalist-likely-dead-turkey-searches-115343415--sector.html
Saudi Arabia admits Khashoggi died in consulate, Merkel says explanation 'inadequate'
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/5CsbtlLLlLA/saudi-arabia-admits-khashoggi-died-in-consulate-merkel-says-explanation-inadequate-idUSKCN1MT1MH
This Is The Worst Case Scenario If Investors Dump Saudi Arabia
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/yRrrQYYq7go/heres-whats-stake-if-investors-shun-saudi-arabia
Saudi Arabia's story is preposterous, but MBS will get a pass
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/20/opinions/saudi-arabia-khashoggi-statement-robertson-intl/index.html
Saudi Arabia's Khashoggi story is preposterous, but MBS will get a pass
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/zNeeRSo4XBA/index.html
Trump, the Saudis, and America's disastrous 'enemy of my enemy is my friend' strategy
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/FeU2I3aJehY/index.html
Trump and Republican lawmakers stoke migrant caravan conspiracy theories
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-republican-lawmakers-stoke-migrant-caravan-conspiracy-theories-224959187.html
Trump adviser John Bolton headed to Russia amid reports US is quitting nuclear deal
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-adviser-john-bolton-headed-220748617.html
Trump says GOP working on tax plan for middle class
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/IbDwMkGE5G4/index.html
Trump says US is ending decades-old nuclear arms treaty with Russia
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/guWA6VQ0Usc/index.html
Biden takes swipe at Trump in Nevada: 'It's all about Donald'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/k5rSqoVPDT4/index.html
Why Trump can swallow the far-fetched Saudi cover story
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/Ux9EtqUeFE4/index.html
President Trump to pull US from Russia missile treaty
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-45930206
Trump threatens to send military, shut border as migrants head for Mexico
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-threatens-send-military-shut-border-migrants-head-013701433.html
Montana Greets Trump With Massive &apos;LIAR&apos; And &apos;IMPEACH&apos; Signs
https://www.yahoo.com/news/montana-greets-trump-massive-apos-081839484.html
Donald Trump&apos;s Bizarre Capitalization Boast Has Twitter Users Scratching Their Heads
https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-apos-bizarre-grammar-084538124.html
Trump would prefer to pick a woman for U.N. envoy
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/wdvgIPqC5ds/trump-would-prefer-to-pick-a-woman-for-u-n-envoy-idUSKCN1MU0WJ
Trump would prefer to pick a woman for U.N. envoy
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/_BMRksIttq4/trump-would-prefer-to-pick-a-woman-for-u-n-envoy-idUSKCN1MU0WJ
Trump says not satisfied with Saudi handling of Khashoggi death
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/8Klf4RzhTbQ/trump-says-not-satisfied-with-saudi-handling-of-khashoggi-death-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Trump says not satisfied with Saudi account of Khashoggi death
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/-JM2VFLeQco/trump-says-not-satisfied-with-saudi-account-of-khashoggi-death-idUSKCN1MU0VT
Saudi Arabia deployed Twitter army against critics: NY Times
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/FsM8n7kVJfY/saudi-arabia-deployed-twitter-army-against-critics-ny-times-idUSKCN1MU0VB
U.S. And China Agree To Aerial Defense Rules To Avoid Fighter Jet Clashes
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/RECon_TZa7c/us-and-china-agree-aerial-defense-rules-prevent-escalation
Biden takes swipe at Trump in Nevada: 'It's all about Donald'
http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/edition_us/~3/k5rSqoVPDT4/index.html
Jamal Khashoggi death: Trump 'not satisfied' with Saudi account
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-45929400
President Trump to pull US from Russia missile treaty
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-45930206
Trump Seeks to Rally Voters With Tough Stance on Immigration
https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-seeks-to-rally-voters-with-tough-stance-on-immigration-1540071443
Trump Makes No Mention Of Khashoggi Murder During Arizona Rally
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-makes-no-mention-khashoggi-140727881.html
Trump: U.S. to exit nuclear treaty, citing Russian violations
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/DLaexWgv2is/trump-u-s-to-exit-nuclear-treaty-citing-russian-violations-idUSKCN1MU0Z8
Trump says team working on tax cut for middle-income earners
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/Reuters/PoliticsNews/~3/sgLziFKs5uA/trump-says-team-working-on-tax-cut-for-middle-income-earners-idUSKCN1MU0X2
Trump: U.S. to exit nuclear treaty, citing Russian violations
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/kwKYD2BIESI/trump-u-s-to-exit-nuclear-treaty-citing-russian-violations-idUSKCN1MU0Z8
Trump, Europeans call Saudi account of Khashoggi death incomplete
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/qCIw21TQ1bU/trump-europeans-call-saudi-account-of-khashoggi-death-incomplete-idUSKCN1MT1MH
Trump says team working on tax cut for middle-income earners
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/topNews/~3/xjX7DroA5kQ/trump-says-team-working-on-tax-cut-for-middle-income-earners-idUSKCN1MU0X2
FBI Admits It Used Multiple Spies To Infiltrate Trump Campaign
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/mcIpfoHFXXE/fbi-admits-using-multiple-spies-infiltrate-trump-campaign
Trump To Pull U.S. Out Of 1987 Nuclear Weapons Treaty With Russia
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/zerohedge/feed/~3/xA5g94Nb3-s/trump-says-us-will-leave-1987-arms-control-treaty-counter-threats-russia-china
